= MacSpec

MacSpec is a (yet) feature minimal RSpec clone that is specifically built to work with MacRuby.
It is built ontop of MiniTest that ships with MacRuby and works out of the box with the MacRuby App 
Template for Xcode. All you have to do is to replace two lines of code and start writing your tests.
No special command for running tests required. Just set your active Target to Test and hit Cmd-B.

MacSpec ships with a testing framework similar to RSpec's. 

The matchy matcher system is built in. (-> http://github.com/jm/matchy)

Even a mocking framework is built in.

== Install


$sudo macgem install MacSpec

== Use


For Starters:

Create a brandnew  MacRuby Application with the Xcode template that ships with MacRuby.
(Btw Have you installed MacRuby-0.5 already? http://www.macruby.org/downloads.html )

Open the stub_test.rb file that is located inside the Tests group and 
replace the content with:

  require "rubygems"
  require "MacSpec"

  describe "MacSpec TestCase" do
    before do
      # This gets executed before each test. (Like setup)
      # Instance variables that are declared 
      # inside this block will be handed down to all
      # tests.
      @obj = Object.new
    end
    
    after do
      # you guess it!
    end
    
    it "should work!" do
      # this is the body of a test
      @obj.should_receive(:hello).with("object").and_return("Hello MacSpec")
      @obj.hello("object").should == "Hello MacSpec"
    end
    
    describe "Nested TestCase" do
      it "has access to the stuff that has been defined in the outer before blocks" do
        @obj.stub!(:some_method)
        lambda {@obj.some_method}.should_not raise_error
      end
    end
  end
  
Now set the active target to 'Unit Tests' and hit Cmd-B.


== Philosophy

The highest priority feature will always be MacRuby compatibility. We will expand MacSpec's feature set  towards RSpec's  feature set step by step.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Matthias Hennemeyer. See LICENSE for details.
